docs/commands/init.md, before:

# init

The `init` command validates and normalizes a manifest file.

## Usage

```bash
capsailer init --manifest <manifest-file>
```

## Description

The `init` command performs the following actions:

1. Validates that the manifest file is properly formatted
2. Checks that all required fields are present
3. Normalizes image references (adds `latest` tag if missing)
4. Validates that chart references are properly formatted

## Options

| Option | Description |
|--------|-------------|
| `--manifest` | Path to the manifest file (required) |
| `--output` | Path to write the normalized manifest (optional) |

## Examples

```bash
# Validate a manifest file
capsailer init --manifest manifest.yaml

# Validate and write the normalized manifest to a new file
capsailer init --manifest manifest.yaml --output normalized-manifest.yaml
```

## Exit Codes

| Code | Description |
|------|-------------|
| 0 | Success |
| 1 | Invalid manifest format |
| 2 | Missing required fields |

## See Also

- [Creating Manifests](../user-guide/creating-manifests.md)
- [build](build.md)

Commit message:

Update documentation for image reference rewriting feature

docs/commands/init.md, after:

# init

The `init` command validates and normalizes a manifest file.

## Usage

```bash
capsailer init --manifest <manifest-file>
```

## Description

The `init` command performs the following actions:

1. Validates that the manifest file is properly formatted
2. Checks that all required fields are present
3. Normalizes image references (adds `latest` tag if missing)
4. Validates that chart references are properly formatted
5. Analyzes Helm charts for container image references
6. Warns about potential missing images in the manifest

## Image Reference Analysis

When you run the `init` command with a manifest that includes Helm charts, Capsailer will provide information about the image reference rewriting feature and warn you about potential missing images. This helps ensure that all required images are included in your manifest.

For example, if you have a Redis chart in your manifest but no Redis image, the `init` command will suggest adding the Redis image to your manifest.

## Options

| Option | Description |
|--------|-------------|
| `--manifest` | Path to the manifest file (required) |
| `--output` | Path to write the normalized manifest (optional) |

## Examples

```bash
# Validate a manifest file
capsailer init --manifest manifest.yaml

# Validate and write the normalized manifest to a new file
capsailer init --manifest manifest.yaml --output normalized-manifest.yaml
```

## Exit Codes

| Code | Description |
|------|-------------|
| 0 | Success |
| 1 | Invalid manifest format |
| 2 | Missing required fields |

## See Also

- [Creating Manifests](../user-guide/creating-manifests.md)
- [build](build.md)
